<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [createGetStockList][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
-   [createGetSingleStock][3]
    -   [Parameters][4]
-   [getStockList][5]
    -   [Parameters][6]
-   [getSingleStock][7]
    -   [Parameters][8]
-   [getFields][9]
    -   [Parameters][10]
-   [DatabaseWrapper][11]
    -   [Parameters][12]
    -   [getSummary][13]
    -   [getAllStocks][14]
        -   [Parameters][15]
    -   [getByIds][16]
        -   [Parameters][17]
    -   [getSingleById][18]
        -   [Parameters][19]
-   [searchStocks][20]
    -   [Parameters][21]

## createGetStockList

Factory function for the getStockList resolver.

### Parameters

-   `getFields` **[Function][22]** To extract what fields requested in the query (optional, default `require('../helpers/fieldsHelper').getFields`)
-   `DatabaseWrapper` **Class** To handle all the db functions (optional, default `require('../../database/DatabaseWrapper')`)
-   `searchStocks` **[Function][22]** To filter all the stocks by the args provided. (optional, default `require('../helpers/stockSearcher').searchStocks`)

Returns **[Function][22]** getStockList

## createGetSingleStock

Factory function for getSingleStock

### Parameters

-   `getFields` **[Function][22]** To extract what fields requested in the query (optional, default `require('../helpers/fieldsHelper').getFields`)
-   `DatabaseWrapper` **Class** To handle all the db functions (optional, default `require('../../database/DatabaseWrapper')`)

Returns **[Function][22]** getSingleStock

## getStockList

Resolver function to get list of stocks.
Searches by all the parameters given and fetches only the fields needed to minimize data usage.

### Parameters

-   `root` **[Object][23]** 
-   `args` **[Object][23]** Arguments provided in the query
-   `context` **[Object][23]** 
-   `info` **[Object][23]** Information about the fields requested etc.

Returns **[Array][24]&lt;[Object][23]>** List of stocks

## getSingleStock

Resolve function to get a single stock with the fields specified in the query.

### Parameters

-   `root` **[Object][23]** 
-   `args` **[Object][23]** Arguments provided with the query
    -   `args.id` **[number][25]** Id of the stock to get
-   `context` **[Object][23]** 
-   `info` **[Object][23]** Information about the fields requested etc.

## getFields

Helper function to extract the fields requested in a query

### Parameters

-   `info` **[Object][23]** the `info` object that gets passed to the resolver

## DatabaseWrapper

Wrapper for database functions

### Parameters

-   `Firestore` **Class** The Firestore library (optional, default `require('@google-cloud/firestore')`)
-   `secrets` **[Object][23]** Credentials to Firestore (optional, default `require('../../secrets.json')`)

### getSummary

Gets the summary document from the database with info such as name and list of each stock.

Returns **[Object][23]** Object with information about each stock

### getAllStocks

Fetches all the stocks and the fields specified. If no fields are specified all will be fetched.

#### Parameters

-   `fields` **[Array][24]&lt;[String][26]>** The fields that should be fetched from the database (optional, default `[]`)

### getByIds

Fetches stocks by Id and the fields specified. If no fields are specified all will be fetched.

#### Parameters

-   `idsToGet` **[Array][24]&lt;[Number][25]>** 
-   `fields` **[Array][24]&lt;[String][26]>** The fields that should be fetched from the database (optional, default `[]`)

### getSingleById

Fetches single stock by id from the database with the fields provided.

#### Parameters

-   `id` **[Number][25]** 
-   `fields` **[Array][24]&lt;[String][26]>** The fields that should be fetched from the database

Returns **[Object][23]** A single stock

## searchStocks

Function to filter down a list of stocks by the arguments passed to the query.
It uses the AND operator, ie. that if both name and list is provided both args must match.

### Parameters

-   `args` **[Object][23]** 
    -   `args.id` **[Array][24]&lt;[Number][25]>** Optional array of ids
    -   `args.name` **[String][26]** String to search for in the name of the stock
    -   `args.list` **[String][26]** String to search for in the list of the stock
-   `stocks` **[Array][24]&lt;[Object][23]>** List of stocks to search in

Returns **[Array][24]&lt;[Number][25]>** Ids of the stocks to fetch

[1]: #creategetstocklist

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #creategetsinglestock

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #getstocklist

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #getsinglestock

[8]: #parameters-3

[9]: #getfields

[10]: #parameters-4

[11]: #databasewrapper

[12]: #parameters-5

[13]: #getsummary

[14]: #getallstocks

[15]: #parameters-6

[16]: #getbyids

[17]: #parameters-7

[18]: #getsinglebyid

[19]: #parameters-8

[20]: #searchstocks

[21]: #parameters-9

[22]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[23]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[24]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[25]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[26]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String
